Hello, hello! Welcome to
the Lime Capsule
I'll be honest - I'm delighted
to see you all here
Because there are
so many of you here
And what am I
thinking right now?
I'm thinking, has the Vivaarium project
really brought hope to the planet and humanity?
To me, it seems that
the signs are favorable
I'm absolutely thrilled at the scale
of this project
Because only by acting globally and together
can we halt this environmental catastrophe
And here we are now,
for a common purpose
The next 23 years
In my opinion, this capsule is a bit
like Noah's Ark
In the sense that if we remain committed
to our mission, we'll abandon greed
We'll avoid comfort - then, at last,
we'll return to paradise
But for now, our paradise is
this small space here
This is our headquarters; this is where
we'll get down to business
In this community space, we will
start working on our own affairs
So, what exactly are we doing here?
You all know about Greta Thunberg,
of course
Whose courage and determination brought millions
of environmentally conscious people to the streets
Demanding prioritization of the climate
According to her, the situation
is very serious
So serious that we have reason
to panic right now
Because currently, too little is being done
to solve the problem
And she's absolutely right!
Politicians and decision-makers must
start listening to science
They must start acting
based on science
One very simple finding of science is
that we all depend on nature
Unfortunately, our planet's
wild nature and biodiversity are vanishing
This is the true tragedy
of our time
This is an existential crisis
for humanity
My all-time favourite, BBC legend
David Attenborough
Whom you all probably know
from various nature documentaries
One of the most widely traveled people
in the world, I imagine
He has dedicated his entire long career
to educating the public
About the devastation of
human-induced climate change
He says that we live comfortable lives
while awaiting a catastrophe of our own making
He says we can continue
as we are
Happily raise our children
Engage in honest work in a society
we've created
All the while choosing to ignore
the impending catastrophe at our doorstep
Or -
we all change!
He is convinced that as a species,
we can learn from our mistakes
As a species, we can reduce
greenhouse gases
As a species, we can halt
a massive extinction event
I'll be honest -
I believe that too!
Exactly the same way